
- I must start listening to a lil of Huberman.

Stuff that happened today. 
- Got accepted by a girl 🗿 But i dont think im in a relationship lmao... 

- Woke up at like 6:30 , got ready , got into bus. Kritika asked whether we could split the costs and go in the same taxi before i was about to ask the same. Vaels Tournament was still going on so no classes. First Period phy , second period i bunked by going to comp lab. Then during break i was searching for that girl only to find her talking to sara. Then i went back to computer lab, and sara told me to come to 4th period maths class. i did only for her to ask me about me telling Arya about that. Then we went for maths. Next chem period, we went back to class and enoch sir caught us both in a very sus situation like the lights were off and we both alone in class.He laughed it off. Then went outside. Me more awkwardly stalking her with her permission. Then she went sat with her friends , then sai ganesh caught me , tried to shake him off. Couldnt . then finally geeti / Ashvath called me to sit with them and Sai ganesh was also invited but he just went off. Then it started to rain , geeti and gopali went talking somewhere. I once again tried to stalk, then meh , at the end , Asvath / Lohit came and told me that i shouldnt have told to arya and told that they would take care of it . Then went back to class to take bag. Expressed my frustration with Sai Ganesh. Asked her the damn question.

Yes if it doesnt get us into trouble , no if it does. but feelings are like yes . >w< lil blush me , but controlled it and just laughed it off. Then she came into my bus with geeti for no reason , then 15 min i was just sitting in bus and gopali was talking outside.

I asked lohit about the startup stuff. and learnt about his father's "influence" which he is going to use to found a startup. Tom is adesh birthday.... hmm we'll see... 